hi Chandler Bing a bird's mission
welcome to the tustin a mystery so are
you joining time you are the Big Apple
sorry is a little bit loud out here to
stop at every maple candy stay another
way here I did for everybody there's no
record of your reservation here well
that's impossible and you're checking in
Turkey please cancel my reservation was
told it's not fundable matter we drove
six hours all the way up to here now
you're telling me that you don't have a
reservation is the cheapest room you
have unfortunately the only thing is
available is our good luck sweet the
racism of dollars but insane Oh lame
Saint dude let's drive home or get all
the nipple candy stores on the way back
if their clothes and maybe we'll tap a
trillion missing ourselves
closet I can lock him in don't worry
about it I know how we can make your
money back this is a nice hotel you know
plenty of amenities we just load up on
those like those apples instead of
taking one I'm I pick six hundred
dollars an apple were there make our
money back in no time do you shaky
advanced the sugar